ko: add page about http proxy env variables (#4660)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/operator/reference/http-proxy.md

---
title: HTTP proxy configuration
description: "Configure {{site.operator_product_name}} to route outbound traffic through an HTTP proxy using standard Go environment variables."
content_type: reference
layout: reference
breadcrumbs:
  - /operator/
  - index: operator
    group: Reference

products:
  - operator

works_on:
  - on-prem
  - konnect
---

{{ site.operator_product_name }} is built with Go and respects the standard proxy environment variables defined by Go's [`ProxyFromEnvironment`](https://pkg.go.dev/net/http#ProxyFromEnvironment).

> This allows you to route the operator's outbound HTTP(S) traffic through a corporate proxy or forward proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This allows you to route the {{ site.operator_product_name_short }}'s outbound HTTP(S) traffic through a corporate proxy or forward proxy.
```

## Supported environment variables

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Use the following environment variables to configure the proxying:

```
